resources: Add kernel extract to packer (#37)
gem5/gem5-resources: src/x86-ubuntu/BUILDING.md

You can watch the installation with a VNC viewer.
See [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) for more information.

## Kernel

> A kernel is also extracted from the diskimage during the post-installation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A kernel is also extracted from the disk image during the post-installation process.
```

The latest headers and modules are installed using apt, before extracting the kernel using the `extract-vmlinux` script provided in ubuntu. The extracted kernel is placed at `/home/gem5/vmlinux-x86-ubuntu`.
The extracted kernel does not have a version its name, but the kernel version is printed as before the extraction in `post-installation.sh` script. This extracted kernel can be used as a resource for gem5 simulations and is not limited to just be used with this diskiamge.

> The kernel is extracted using packer's file provisioner with `disrection=download` which would copy a file from the image to the host machine. The path specifying in the provisioner copies the file `/home/gem5/vmlinux-x86-ubuntu` to the output directory `disk-image`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The kernel is extracted using packer's file provisioner with `direction=download` which would copy a file from the image to the host machine. The path specifying in the provisioner copies the file `/home/gem5/vmlinux-x86-ubuntu` to the output directory `disk-image`.
```
